retrieve and consume flow (#109)
oceanprotocol/docs: content/tutorials/react-get-use-data-set.md

title: Get & Use a Data Set
description: Tutorial to get and use a data set in a basic React app.
---

## Requirements

This is a continuation of the [React App Setup](/tutorials/react-setup) and [React Publish Data-set](/tutorials/react-publish-data-set) tutorial, so make sure you have done all the steps described in there.

Open `src/App.js` in your marketplace app from previous tutorials.

## Retrieve Assets

> From previous tutorial we added asset publishing so we can now search for it so we can consume it later. Just after `submitAsset()` function we can add new function that will handle search:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous tutorial we added asset publishing. We can now search for published assets for consumption. Just after the `submitAsset()` function we can add a new function that will handle search:
```

```js
async retrieveAssets(){
  this.dbAssets = await this.ocean.searchAssetsByText("Office Humidity")
  console.log(this.dbAssets)
}
```

The last thing we need is a button to start our search inside the render function just after `<button onClick={() => this.submitAsset()}>Register asset</button>`:

```jsx
<button onClick={()=>this.retrieveAssets()}>Retrieve assets</button>
```

> ## Consume Asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Consume Assets
```

The retrieved assets can now be consumed so in this tutorial we consume the first one. The following code goes after `async retrieveAssets()` function.

```js
async consumeAsset(){
  // get all accounts
  const accounts = await this.ocean.getAccounts()
  // get first asset
  const consumeAsset = this.dbAssets[0]
  // get service we want to execute
  const service = consumeAsset.findServiceByType('Access')
  // sign service
  const serviceAgreementSignatureResult = await this.ocean.signServiceAgreement(
      consumeAsset.id,
      service.serviceDefinitionId,
      accounts[0])
  // run it
  await this.ocean.initializeServiceAgreement(
      consumeAsset.id,
      service.serviceDefinitionId,
      serviceAgreementSignatureResult.serviceAgreementId,
      serviceAgreementSignatureResult.serviceAgreementSignature,
      // callback to handle the files we get
      (files) => { console.log('Asset files', files) },
      accounts[0])
}
```

We still need button in render function just after `<button onClick={()=>this.retrieveAssets()}>Retrieve assets</button>` to start consumption:

```jsx
<button onClick={()=>this.consumeAsset()}>Consume asset</button>
```

## Final Result

> That's it. If you have no errors in your `console.log` and your asset files listed you have working marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it. If you have no errors in your `console.log` and can see your asset files listed, you have a working marketplace.
```
